A teacher should always help his or her student to develop love for Jehovah.
That's the best foundation to build on.
For me, it's important that they see Jehovah as a real person.
In order to help them build a good foundation, they need to know that Jehovah gave us the Bible
so that we can receive his guidance for the future and for eternity.
I'm so thankful for my Bible teacher.
She always helped me see Jehovah's point of view on things from the Bible.
I'll never stop thanking Jehovah for what he's done for me.
He drew me to the truth, he gave me a teacher that didn't just teach me about the Bible,
but by his example, the brother taught me how to really be one of Jehovah's Witnesses.
When I started studying, my parents told me that they didn't consider me their daughter anymore.
During the study, my teacher helped me see from the Bible that Jehovah had a lot of really good things in store for me.
My environment was very hostile before.
My problem was that my wife and I argued a lot and I had a bad temper.
The brother's advice really helped us to keep calm when we had problems.
When a person starts getting to know Jehovah and they learn and apply Bible truths in their lives,
the people who were their friends before are going to disappear.
We need to give them that friendship they're losing.
We've had to make some sacrifices for our students,
but when we think about the blessings, we can barely remember the sacrifices.
I worked full time, but I had to adapt to the student's needs, not the other way around.
Sometimes I'd be up at six o'clock in the morning conducting a Bible study.
Sometimes things come up and you can't make it,
but the study should still happen.
Another brother can study with them if we're not going to be there.
When someone starts studying, it can feel like a lot.
The Bible itself has 66 books.
So for example, you can suggest that the student start reading a few verses every day
and then add a little more every week.
So that is how we see them progress.
You get to see them practice what they're learning,
really following the Bible's counsel in their lives.
We don't just conduct a study, see them progress, get baptized, and then say,
okay, see you later, it doesn't work like that.
They become part of our life.
It's been my friend since before I got baptized.
It's been about 28 years now.
Years ago, my former student Abel had a really difficult time.
His wife got sick.
Although we were far away when we heard about it, we kept in touch with him.
Thank you Livingstone family for calling Jessica during these hard times.
It's very encouraging to us.
I know that you love us and we also love you very much.
You are an example in true worship for us.
May Jehovah continue caring for you and blessing you.
I got baptized 34 years ago and have been pioneering for 33 years.
My Bible teacher was Shara.
She was diagnosed with cancer.
When I got sick, Jehovah used Mercedes to help me.
After all this time, since I helped her learn the truth, now she comforts me.
To father-son relationship.
At some point, maybe this student will help me.
And we can say that we are good for nothing slaves and we have done what we ought to have done.
And they keep loving and serving Jehovah. What's better than that?